Additional mitigation (#91)
oauth-wg/oauth-cross-device-security: draft-ietf-oauth-cross-device-security.md

**Limitations:** Starting with an authenticated flow does not prevent the attacks described in [Example B5: Illicit Network Join](#Example B5: Illicit Network Join (User-Transferred Authorization Data Pattern)) and [Example B7: Illicit Session Transfer](#Example B7: Illicit session transfer (User-Transferred Authorization Data Pattern)) and it is RECOMMENDED that additional mitigations described in this document is used if the cross-device flows are used in scenarios such as [Example A5: Add a device to a network](#Example A5: Add a device to a network (User-Transferred Authorization Data Pattern)) and [Example A7: Transfer a session](#Example A7: Transfer a session (User-Transferred Authorization Data Pattern)).

### Request Initiation Verification

> The user MAY be asked to verify if they initiated an authentication or authorization request by sending a one-time password (OTP) or PIN to the user's Authroization Device and asking them to enter it on the Initiating Device to confirm the request. If the request was initiated without the users' consent, they would receive an OTP or PIN out of context which may raise suspicion for the user. In addition, they would not have information on where to enter the OTP or PIN. The user experience on the Authorization Device MAY reinforce the risk of receiving an out-of-context OTP or PIN and provide information to the user on how to report an unauthroized authentication or authorization request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user MAY be asked to verify if they initiated an authentication or authorization request by sending a one-time password (OTP) or PIN to the user's Authorization Device and asking them to enter it on the Initiating Device to confirm the request. If the request was initiated without the users' consent, they would receive an OTP or PIN out of context which may raise suspicion for the user. In addition, they would not have information on where to enter the OTP or PIN. The user experience on the Authorization Device MAY reinforce the risk of receiving an out-of-context OTP or PIN and provide information to the user on how to report an unauthroized authentication or authorization request.
```

> The user MAY be asked to verify if they initiated an authentication or authorization request by sending a one-time password (OTP) or PIN to the user's Authroization Device and asking them to enter it on the Initiating Device to confirm the request. If the request was initiated without the users' consent, they would receive an OTP or PIN out of context which may raise suspicion for the user. In addition, they would not have information on where to enter the OTP or PIN. The user experience on the Authorization Device MAY reinforce the risk of receiving an out-of-context OTP or PIN and provide information to the user on how to report an unauthroized authentication or authorization request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The user MAY be asked to verify if they initiated an authentication or authorization request by sending a one-time password (OTP) or PIN to the user's Authorization Device and asking them to enter it on the Initiating Device to confirm the request. If the request was initiated without the users' consent, they would receive an OTP or PIN out of context which may raise suspicion for the user. In addition, they would not have information on where to enter the OTP or PIN. The user experience on the Authorization Device MAY reinforce the risk of receiving an out-of-context OTP or PIN and provide information to the user on how to report an unauthorized authentication or authorization request.
```
